Bollinger Bands aim to visualize the volatility of 
a stock using a Moving Average and calculating the
standard deviation between said average and the
actual price. The middle line is the Moving Average
and the top and bottom bands are calculated at 2
standard deviations above and below respectively. 
When the actual daily price
is constantly and significantly defying it's Moving
Average, clearly, volatility is high and thus the bands
become more widely seperated. As volatility reduces,
the bands narrow in closer to the Moving Average.

With this indicator, we want to focus on two
scenarios both of which are easy to see on just
about any stock over a 1 Year span:

There are always periods of low
volatility followed by period of high volatility.
This means that the bands widen then narrow
periodically. The best way to take advantage of this
undeniable pattern is to combine it with other stats
or the reality the company is facing. If other stats
indicate the stock is doing well or you believe the
company stands to gain due to current events and the
bands are narrow, it may be the perfect time to invest.
This is because we know the bands will widen soon
and the only way they widen is if the price
changes significantly. In this hypothetical, we have
reason to believe that this significant change will be 
in a positive direction.

On the flip side, significant changes in daily price
that go beyond the bands are statistically improbable
[see 2 standard deviations]. When this occurs, it's
more likely that the change is unsustainable which
will result in the daily price bouncing back towards 
the average line. Going
back to the previous hypothetical, say you invest 
during low volatility [narrow bands] and the price
shoots up but it goes beyond the top Bollinger Band. 
This could signal a good time to sell because
it might be the peak of this increase, wait any longer
and the price will likely rubberband back down towards
the Moving Average.