A Moving Average with a look-back period of 1 day
is the average everyone knows: A sum of all parts
divided by the number of parts. A look-back period
of anything greater than 1 and the average is in motion!
This means the "parts" include information from previous
days as well as the most recent one. The effect here
is that a Moving Average will look a lot smoother than
the data it describes because it represents momentum.
An extended decline in price with small upward spikes
will have a strictly negative moving average if the
upward spikes are too weak to affect the stock's
general momentum.

Buy/Sell signals across the Moving Average stats are
produced when the stock's price intersects with the
Moving Average. If the stock price drops below the
Moving Average, it could mean that the stock is due to
gain momentum in a negative direction. Alternatively,
if the stock price crosses above the Moving Average,
it could mean the stock is building positive momentum.
Small look-back periods for Moving Averages make them
susceptible to false signals when significant
changes in stock price are absent. In cases where the
price is mostly just moving sideways and a big positive
or negative change hasn't occured recently, you're likely
better off using the other Statistics provided.

Simple Moving Average [SMA] is just what it sounds like, simple.
No fancy math, it really is just a sum of parts divided
by the number of parts, only it takes multiple days into
account.

Exponential Moving Average [EMA] is by far my favorite
Statistic due to the success I've seen with it. Instead
of doing a simple average over all the parts included,
the EMA assigns weights to each day depending on how
far in the past they are. The older the information, the
less weight it brings to the EMA. This means the line
is ready to react to recent changes in daily price without
disregarding information from the past. This idea is the
cornerstone of Statistical Analysis, using the past
to guesstimate the future. 

Triple EMA is a Frankenstein's monster of the previously
seen EMA as it applies to itself and is calculated
as follows:

3*EMA1 - 3*EMA2 + EMA3 

where EMA1 is the EMA of the
stock's daily price, EMA2 is the EMA of EMA1, and so on.
Moving Averages, as mentioned previously, represent
momentum so when we take the EMA of an EMA, we're
looking at the rate of change of a rate of change.
In a way, this makes the Triple EMA a function of the
daily price's third derivative. The result is that the
Triple EMA is more sensitive to slopes in daily price 
than a standard EMA. 